c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Envio.exe.config
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Envio.exe
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Envio.pdb
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Domain.dll
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Infra.DependencyResolver.dll
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Domain.pdb
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Infra.DependencyResolver.pdb
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\obj\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Envio.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\obj\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Envio.exe
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\obj\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Envio.pdb
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Infra.Service.dll
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Infra.Service.pdb
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Infra.Repository.dll
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Envios.Especiais.Infra.Repository.pdb
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\william.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KEnviosEspeciais\Envios.Especiais.Envio\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
